[Music]
all right here are 10 fun facts about
America even Americans don't now say how
much do you know about the US if you're
from the land of opportunity you're
probably thinking probably everything
there is to know I do live here after
all but were you aware that the Library
of Congress could have a record of some
of your social media posts or that some
of the most famous American landmarks
look a whole lot different in the past
let's see which of these 10 little-known
facts about the United States will
manage to surprise you the most and
don't forget that we have tons more
videos with eye-opening facts here on
the bright side of life so be sure to
hit that subscribe button and ring the
notification bell that way you won't
miss any of our daily updates now let's
kick this list off with something we all
associate with the u.s. number 10
out-of-this-world flag first off the way
the flag is used in America can be a bit
unusual for outsiders in most countries
around the world
the flag is usually reserved to mark a
governmental building or some official
location in the US however you can see
the star-spangled banner waving in the
wind at fast-food joints standing tall
in people's yards or attached to their
houses and printed on all kinds of stuff
like clothing pillows and coffee mugs as
such many Americans love their flag and
have traveled with it to all corners of
the earth and beyond in fact there were
actually six American flags placed on
the moon during the Apollo landings it's
unknown whether all those flags are
still standing but the ones that remain
have most likely been bleached
completely white from exposure to
radiation from the Sun
number nine Americans on the moon so
speaking of the moon no other country
has walked where Apollo 11 mission
commander Neil Armstrong took his
memorable one small step on July 20th
1969 and while we all recognize him as
the first man on the bone 11 other
American astronauts through six Apollo
moon landings have trod its surface as
well
if Armstrong was the first not many
people know that the last man to stand
on the moon was Apollo 17 commander
Eugene Cernan he left the lunar surface
on December 14 1972 saying I take Man's
last step from the surface back home for
some time to come pretty epic huh number
eight the greatest of the great lakes of
course
most Americans are well aware that Lake
Superior is the greatest of the great
lakes hence the name
I'll bet many of you don't know that the
Native American Ojibwe name for the lake
is gitche gumee but no matter what it's
called did you know that it's also the
largest freshwater body in the world in
terms of surface area measuring about
thirty one thousand seven hundred square
miles this lake is about the size of
North Carolina and with a volume of
2,900 cubic miles Lake Superior is big
enough to cover the entirety of North
and South America in a foot of water
bring your boots
it's that massive the US shares this
honor with Canada since Lake Superior
along with all the others except for
Lake Michigan washes up on both
country's borders number seven the most
visited museums in America two museums
are tied as the most visited in America
the Smithsonian National Air and Space
Museum located in Washington DC houses
the world's largest display of aviation
and space artifacts including the Wright
Flyer and the command module from the
Apollo 11 moon
and remember Neil Armstrong that was his
ride
now the other is New York's Metropolitan
Museum of Art which has over 2 million
works from some of the greatest artists
in the world like Monet Rembrandt
Renoir van Gogh Picasso and many others
both museums saw around 7 million
visitors in 2017
tying them for the number 3 spot on the
list of the world's most visited museums
second place goes to the National Museum
of China in Beijing and the number-one
spot belongs to no not the world's
biggest rocking chair in KC Illinois
although that's really cool number one
is the Louvre in Paris number 6
America's favorite dream so what do you
think America's favorite drink is go
ahead and guess down in the comments tea
coffee soda juice if you think soda you
wouldn't be entirely wrong since it was
the top beverage choice for Americans
until recently now the crown has been
passed to drumroll please
bottled water yep looks like the US is
slowly ditching the sugary bubbly stuff
for good old h2o uh-huh the stuff you
used to drink for free and now you pay
for very American did you also think of
coffee well you can give yourself some
points for that one as it's America's
favorite when it comes to flavored
drinks in 2016 Americans consume 88.8
gallons of coffee per capita so now you
know why your favorite coffee shop is
always so crowded number five the
Library of Congress archives the Library
of Congress in Washington DC is the
largest library in the world holding
over 167 million items like rare books
manuscripts photographs recordings and
plenty of other important and historical
materials it all
works as the official research library
for the United States Congress and is
home to the US Copyright Office it's
basically a sea of knowledge in tweets
apparently according to the library
they've been archiving tweets since 2006
to preserve a record of knowledge and
creativity for Congress and the American
people so if you've ever posted anything
embarrassing it might just be in their
archives luckily though in December 2017
the library announced that they'd stop
collecting tweets from everyone and
would be way more selective from 2018
onwards number 4 Hollywood land huh the
Hollywood sign is a symbol of dreams
come true for thousands of hopefuls that
moved to Los Angeles in pursuit of a
career in the land of entertainment
the 352 footlong sign is made up of 45
foot tall letters and cost around
$21,000 to build back in 1923 that would
be about $300,000 by today's rate but
when it was installed back that this
iconic sign actually read Hollywood land
instead of Hollywood it was originally
meant to be a real estate ad for an
upscale district that was only supposed
to stand for about a year and a half but
with the rise of the cinema industry
ownership passed to the city of Los
Angeles in the 1940s and the final four
letters were removed to reflect the sign
we know today number three Halloween
craze do you celebrate Halloween well
the numbers show that millions of
Americans love this spooky holiday
enough to make all kinds of expensive
purchases according to the National
Retail Federation more than 175 million
Americans are estimated to participate
in the holiday in 2018 and they'll spend
around nine billion dollars most of the
expenses will go towards candy
followed by decorations costumes and
greeting cards although Halloween has
ancient Celtic origins from what is now
present-day Ireland it's been a popular
holiday in the US since the early 20th
century
[Music]
looks like it'll continue being one
really fun spooky and expensive night
and parents will again swipe candy from
their kids once they go to bed go ahead
use sticky finger parents raise your
hands whoa there's a lot of you number
two the Empire State Building lightning
strikes the tallest building in America
is the One World Trade Center at 1776
square feet but for a long time from
1931 to 1972 it was the 1250 foot tall
Empire State Building that held this
title and when it comes to the Empire
State Building lightning does strike
twice in the same place at such a height
it's bound to attract lightning which is
why there's a lightning rod installed on
the antenna at the top of the building
according to its website the building is
zapped an average of 23 times per year
another tall structure in New York the
Statue of Liberty is also hit by
lightning occasionally but thankfully
Lady Liberty is grounded by a granite
pedestal and massive concrete hmm
speaking of which number one the Statue
of Liberty the whole world associates
America with the Statue of Liberty it's
a national monument that's been featured
in all kinds of movies and acts as our
symbol of freedom now you might be
familiar with the fact that the statue
was a gift from France to the United
States to commemorate 100 years of
independence from the British crown
a lesser known fact is that Lady Liberty
looked quite different when she first
arrived in New York from Paris when the
copper statue was completed and brought
to America in 1886 it was more like the
color of a penny but through the years
the copper has oxidized changing the
color statue from a shiny golden brown
to the greenish blue patina we know
today by the way you can climb the 162
steps from the pedestal to the crown for
a unique view through the tiny windows
up there but there's only a very cozy
six feet of space there and you'll need
to buy tickets well in advance and there
you have it bright ciders do you know
anything else about the items on this
list or maybe some other little-known
facts about the US have you ever visited
any of the landmarks mentioned today let
us know in the comments below if at
least one of these facts were new to you
then give this video a like and share it
with your friends don't forget to click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life